---
title: Past Events in 2018
# author: xxx
image: images/logo/2018.jpg
tags: Events
order: 
---

<!-- Add breif description here.  -->
In 2018, the following events were also held......


<!-- Add Main body here -->
- [**11/09/2018**] Nov 9, 2018, Take part in the 2018 **Bay Area Robotics Symposium at Standford University** aims to bring together roboticists from the Bay Area. The program will consist of a mix of faculty, student, and industry presentations.

-[**11/09/2018**]  Nov 9, 2018, Give a talk in **Deepmap.ai with Mark Wheeler and Lionel Garin** The topic is "Localization for Autonomous Vehicles in Dense Urban".  Mark Wheeler is previously work in Google Maps for about 8 years.  Lionel Garin is a GNSS WORLDWIDE RECOGNIZED EXPER.

- [**12/02/2018**] Dec 2, 2018, Give a presentation on the [8th East Asia Mechanical Aerospace Engineering Workshop](https://research.polyu.edu.hk/en/activities/8th-east-asia-mechanical-and-aerospace-engineering-workshop) with Dr. Peng and Ankit Ravankar. The topic is "Multi-sensor Integration-based Localization for Autonomous Vehicle in Urbanized Area".  

- [**12/07/2018**] Dec 7, 2018, Give a talk at the Shenzhen Institutes of Advanced Technology Chinese Academic of Sciences with [Prof.Huiyun Li](http://english.siat.cas.cn/SI2017/IAIT2017/RC1/CAE/Researchers1/201707/t20170719_180000.html). The topic is **"Multi-sensor Integration-based Localization for Autonomous Vehicle in Urbanized Area"**.  

- [**08/28/2018**] Aug 28, 2018, Have a Remote talk with the team in Tencent. The topic is **multi-sensor fusion for autonomous driving**.

- [**08/27/2018**] Aug 27, 2018, Have a Remote talk with the team at Nagoya University with [Yuki Kitsukawa](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Yuki-Kitsukawa). He is the CEO of Map IV. The topic is mapping and localization for autonomous driving.

- [**08/17/2018**] Aug 17, 2018, visit the autonomous driving team in Jingchi in the U.S.

- [**08/16/2018**] Aug 16, 2018, I give a talk in Baidu. inc in the USA. The topic is **GNSS positioning aided by LiDAR and building models**.

- [**07/18/2018**] On Jul 18, 2018, I visit the [MSC Lab](https://msc.berkeley.edu/) at the University of California, Berkeley. Do research on multi-sensor fusion aided by perception.


